Cyberdyne is a great corporation.
Forward-thinking, progressive community of thinkers that develop cutting-edge technology.
Cyberdyne is a terrible, destructive corporation that cares little about its employees.
Passionate and talented workers that seek to change the world.
Cyberdyne is full of energetic people but the work can be exhausting without the proper work-life balance.
Best place to work, bar none.
Awful company complete with terrible workers that inhibit growth.
Poor middle management, inexperience and arrogance made life very difficult. Too much time playing and not enough time delivering.
Tech-forward, innovative work environment that promotes thinking outside of the box.
Cyberdyne has a very busy but productive work culture. The work-life balance is non-existent.
Very rewarding and challenging company that effective utilizes its employees.
High pressure, competitive, and stressful work environment that limits employee effectiveness.
Friendly, collaborative environment that facilitates innovation.
Uniquely inventive company that is on the forefront of intelligent design.
A great corporation that promotes individual exploration.
Nobody beats Cyberdyne when it comes to designing efficient software.
Productive and fun workplace with a great company culture.
Great training program, fun work environment, coworkers are friendly and management is always there to help.
Cyberdyne has very smart coworkers, interesting projects, and cutting-edge technology. 
Cyberdyne -- isn't that the company that destroys the world?
Company is not at all sorry to screw people's work-life balance for itself to excel.
There is a culture of innovation and design at Cyberdyne that is very invigorating. 
For a large company, things move really quickly and ideas are taken seriously.
There is little room for growth and development at flagship locations due to the fast-paced and high demand environment.
Fast-paced, growing company. Lots of responsibility to be had early in your career.
The people who work here are all highly intelligent and really want to make Cyberdyne grow.
Working with people who are smart and passionate about what they do.
If you don't take advantage of the unlimited time off and work from home opportunities the fast paced work environment might get the best of you.
work with incredibly smart people and we are all driven to make the company awesome.
Can be on the bleeding edge of technology. 
Many smart young talent in the organization.
Employees tend to be worked to death without any additional monetary compensation.
Flexible work schedules usually allow for a good work life balance.
a great place for those who want long-term stable employment.
Tons of opportunity to meet new people in different parts of the company and expand your skill set.
CyberDyne provides great job opportunities, great benefits, great values, and great folks!
Great experiences, lots of training in soft skills, work with very smart, motivated professionals who are constantly trying to make themselves better.
Difficult to move around in the company if you want to try new things outside your starting function.
Opportunities for professional advancement exist if you know how to go after them.
The people are very talented, professional, and great teammates. Leadership is excellent.
